So this is the picnic section,
and I'm going to just start removing
certain items, but these certain items
might be items that aren't
necessarily familiar
to the general public,
but I think they have great
cooking applications and are very useful.
So the first ones we're going to remove
is what's known as the country ribs
or in translation to beef.
This would be your chuck short ribs,
so they're great.
They're actually quite meaty
and you'll see them, so I take them off.
So once I identify
where the very first rib is here,
when we were counting in our four ribs,
I can use that to just follow
along the side and then what
I want to find is the seam or that fascia
that connects these this muscle structure
to the ones underneath of it.
So I can now just seam this out.
And you can almost start
just pulling these away
while using a little bit of
strength to pull and cut the fascia.
So once I get those removed now,
I've got what's called my country ribs.
And if there's any of this white bone
or cartilage to be removed, we're good.
We take that away.
And now I've got these country ribs.
My brisket section is in here, so I'm
looking specifically in this section here.
And once I find it again, you can almost
start to pull a lot of these muscles away.
So I'm going to use my knife to come in
and remove this brisket
like so
and I come just around
where the humerus bone is.
I'm just going to cut it down.
So here's our pork
brisket just needs a little bit of TLC
to get it to something
recognizable and usable, which means that
I'm just going to remove this skin. Skin
is away,
and then I can start removing
any unnecessary muscles.
This is in the shoulders so notoriously
going to have not only veins,
but glands in there as well too, well,
just to remove some of the surface fat.
Get this out of the way.
So over.
We're good, there's our Pork brisket.